Questions

Answer the following questions

1    What does git clean do?
2    What do the -d and -f flags for git clean do?
3    What git command creates a branch?
4    What is the difference between a fast-forward and recursive merge?
5    What git command changes to another branch?
6    How do you remove modified or deleted files from the working directory?
7    What git command deletes a branch?
8    What does the git diff command do?
9    How do you remove files from the staging area?
10   How do merge conflicts happen?

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Answer

1. git-clean is Remove untracked files from the working tree
2. -d :
	Normally, when no <path> is specified, git clean will not recurse into untracked directories to avoid 
	removing too much. Specify -d to have it recurse into such directories as well. If any paths are specified, 
	-d is irrelevant; all untracked files matching the specified paths (with exceptions for nested git directories mentioned under --force) 
	will be removed.
   -f :
	--force
    If the Git configuration variable clean. requireForce is not set to false, 
    git clean will refuse to delete files or directories unless given -f or -i. 
    Git will refuse to modify untracked nested git repositories (directories with a .git subdirectory) 
    unless a second -f is given.
3. git branch <name_branch>
4. fast-forward ; No new commits on the master, Linear History, Linear History, git rebase
   Recursive : New commits on the master, Commit 2 parents, Merge commit is created, git merge–no-ff
5. git checkout <name_branch>
6. git -clean <name_file>
7. git branch -d <name_branch>
8. Show changes between the working tree and the index or a tree, changes between the index and a tree,
  changes between two trees, changes resulting from a merge, 
  changes between two blob objects, or changes between two files on disk.
9. git restore --staged <file>
10. A merge conflict usually occurs when your current branch and the branch you want 
   to merge into the current branch have diverged